by show of hands here who has a website
this money can engage the room alright
so a couple of us you have a website now
bear with me if you don't have a website
tell me if you can resonate with the
story if you do you spent hours maybe
even days and weeks trying to find the
website name you're going to use
checking on GoDaddy or some sort of
domain registrar it's open and then you
finally get the name and then from there
you'd have to figure out which platform
you're going to use and not you have to
design the thing and it's a whole
mission and then after this whole
process or you spend some money because
you've hired somebody to do it for you
but after this whole process you're like
alright hey maybe my website I got an
awesome name is catch me it's great I
mean business
it's gonna boom and maybe it's over
that's it I'm gonna be the next star in
my town and then you press that Go
button you publish your website and the
next thing you know nothing happens
rictus
quiet it's emptiness and you're just
sitting there you're like what is it the
blue font I don't understand I mean they
told me this was appealing on the eyes
and nothing happens can we rest a with
this anybody some experience sure
absolutely
well with my speech today I want to talk
about how you can get traffic to your
website how you can do about making sure
that people do see the blue font on your
website so people are able to engage
with you reach out to you and make sure
that you have the impact that you had
initially when you started this thing in
the first place so there's really two
ways you can get traffic online it's
very simple you can buy it or you gotta
earn its that too and moving forward I'm
gonna segue into how you can get traffic
buying it and then go
or into detail on these two points so
that we can leverage it and make sure
everybody knows your website so let's
start with the first one buy it if you
want to buy traffic this is called
digital advertising it's also called
pay-per-click advertising there's
different ways of saying the same thing
it's like tomato tomahto but basically
the essential thing is you buy ads you
can do it via Google Google allows you
to buy ads if someone goes to Google and
they search DJ service near me you can
bid on that keyword and then your
average over the tops you get exposure
that's one there's being this other
search their social via YouTube ads
Facebook Ads ever watch the YouTube
video and before you want to see the
video and then before the video there's
a non skippable bad and you're just
crying inside you're like flakes like
super sad and it just takes forever and
then eventually you can skip it let's
use Baptizer you have all these
different forms of advertising that's
essentially digital advertising the
other way is influencers called
influencer marketing sponsored
replacements or sponsored promotions
that's basically where you reach out to
somebody who's already built an audience
whether YouTube Instagram influencer or
somebody that they they've already
created that list of people because
they've engage with them and then you
reach out them say hey Laurie can I pay
a thousand dollars and you mentioned
your product to your to your followers
to your subscribers that's the other way
that's influenced your marketing sponsor
placements so that's really one date
when it comes to the paid side of things
it's really that simple I mean buy it
from one of the network's or you buy it
from somebody that's already put in the
work to build that fan base now the next
way you can get traffic to your website
is the freeway and with this is you
gotta earn it so the second way he's
gotta earn it and how do you earn it
there's really just two things one is
content marketing content marketing all
it is is you creating content and if we
don't know what content is content to be
videos
images it can be text it can be your
voice it can be a podcast
I mean content is just valuable
information you're giving away to to
people who are interested in the topics
you cover that's the content market you
can do it across YouTube if you're
starting to channel so what you ever
thought about content marketing and
something like that so YouTube is a
great example Instagram and by the way
quick tip how do you choose if you are
just concentrating how you choose which
platform to use wherever your customers
hang out that's pretty much it wherever
your audience things up so if you're
more business business side of things
that LinkedIn is probably a good one for
you that's more business-to-business
things like that if you want the fitness
side of things and guess what Instagram
is great makeup beauty Instagram is
perfect for that images are great so
that's content marketing now on the
other side of it it's this one people
like to hear but when it comes to
earning it you have the content side of
things and then really the other side of
it is affiliates anyone here ever heard
that word affiliates so affiliates is
basically where you've developed a
relationship with someone kind of going
back to the example I developed
relations with Laurie she's built up
thousand followers on Instagram I'm
creating a new product that I want her
to promote it for me
but the difference between an affiliate
and a sponsored promotion is we can
built a relationship so she's just gonna
broadcast my offer to her audience
because we're friends we've built that
relationship and building relationships
takes time doesn't it you can't just
can't just do that overnight so really a
recap content marketing
and affiliate marketing so either you
you put in the work yourself and you
create the content whether it's a
podcast images video and you build it
over time and it takes time I'm gonna
solid 46 subscribers right now and proud
and I'm 20 videos in but going for that
moving forward you just gotta keep doing
it so that you put in the work yourself
or you built a relationship with all
these other people you've had balance
new life you made them better and then
they'll promote your products on your
behalf and maybe you work out a deal or
something so everyone wins now I want to
say this oness trustus in life you
always have to make sacrifices and
getting traffic to your website is no
different so if you want speed you want
these fast it comes at a price
you have to pay for it that's just
reality now if you can't afford to buy
it you can't afford to buy speed then
you have to put in the time to throw it
whether it's your own content that
you're producing in your own audience or
its relationships with people that you
can tap into their network to promote it
on your behalf
[Applause]
[Music]